[processor/logdedup] feat: add ottl condition to logdedup processor (#35443)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/logdedupprocessor/README.md

## How It Works
1. The user configures the log deduplication processor in the desired logs pipeline.

> 2. Each log entry for which any of the `conditions` evaluates `true` is aggregated over the configured `interval`. Logs that do not match any condition in `conditions` are passed onward in the pipeline without aggregating. Logs are considered identical if they have the same body, resource attributes, severity, and log attributes.

Reviewer: We need to update this so it indicates if that if no conditions are provided (default), all log entries will be aggregated.

Maybe something like:

```suggestion
2. If the processor does not provide `conditions`, all logs are considered eligible for aggregation. If the processor does have configured `conditions`, all log entries where at least one of the `conditions` evaluates `true` is considered eligible for aggregation. Eligible logs are aggregated over the configured `interval`. Logs that do not match any condition in `conditions` are passed onward in the pipeline without aggregating. Logs are considered identical if they have the same body, resource attributes, severity, and log attributes.
```

Author: Thanks Mike, just updated the readme with something inspired by your suggestion 👌

| ---                 | ---      | ---         | ---                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| interval            | duration | `10s`       | The interval at which logs are aggregated. The counter will reset after each interval.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | condition           | string   | `true`      | An [OTTL] expression used to match which log records to sample from. All paths in the [log context] are available to reference. All [converters] are available to use.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: Intuitively, as a user I think I would expect a condition to control whether or not a log is _deduplicated_, not whether it is kept at all. In other words, I would have expected that logs that do not match the condition pass through the processor without being affected.

The actual meaning seems to be that the condition acts as a filter for the logs. The problem is, we already have ways to filter data, so I'm unconvinced this functionality belongs in this component. The user can always filter a log stream before sending it through this component.

Author: Ahhh good catch, I had forgotten to change the description when I edited the readme.

I just updated it to be accurate with what the condition does.

The condition is actually used to determine what logs are deduped. Any logs that don't match the condition are just exported without processing.

> | condition           | string   | `true`      | An [OTTL] expression used to evaluate which log records are deduped. All paths in the [log context] are available to reference. All [converters] are available to use.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: Is other places where we use OTTL, it's normally represented as a series of statements (eg []string) that are logically AND'd together. This helps break up more complex logic instead of including AND's in the statement itself.

The config would then look like:
```yaml
logdedup:
  condition:
    - attributes["ID"] == 1
    - resource.attributes["service.name"] == "my-service"
    - etc
```

If we do this, we should update `condition` to be plural, eg `conditions`.

Reviewer: Yeah, I think OR's make sense. Then the onus in on the developer to build their conditions, and if they need multiple conditions to be met, they would construct a single statement with ANDs.

Author: Thanks for the response, I just pushed up a change implementing the multiple conditions. 👍
